# Atrial Fibrillation Detection Using Stationary Wavelet Transform and Deep Learning

### Abstract
This paper used stationary wavelet transform(SWT) for preprocessing and then 
trained a model of the deep convolutional neural network(DCNN). ECG signals was
divided into 5-second segments to get more training data and to make the algorithm
assessment easier. 
### Introduction
Extant algorithms mostly rely on the absence of P-waves or irregularity of R-R 
intervals or some hand-crafted features. They strongly depend on the detection of
P or R peak. However, DCNN doesn't require P or R detection and voids the need for
any manual feature extraction.
### Methods
1. **Preprocessing**  
   A 5-second segment is considered to be a true AF only when the annotated 
   AF beats in that data segment with a percentage greater than P(P=0.5).
   And also this paper used an elliptical band-pass filter with filter order
   of 10 and passband of 0.5-50 Hz.
   
2. **Stationary wavelet transform**  
   This paper employ SWT with J-level(J=6) on each 5-second segment and finally 
   generate 2J time series as input. The input matrix dimension is 2J*Time. 2J 
   time series consisted of J detail coefficients and J coarse coefficients. And 
   because DCNN method is used for image classification, the input matrix will be 
   considered as grayscale 'image'.
   
3. **DCNNs architectures**  
   DCNNs are composed of mainly 3 types of layers: convolutional layers, pooling
   layers and fully connected layers.
### Results
1. **Data set**  
   MIT-BIH
   
2. **Experimental result**  
   
### Conclusion